Adding screenshots to certain equivalent steps (#3251)
elastic/docs-content: manage-data/lifecycle/index-lifecycle-management/tutorial-general-content-with-data-streams.md

## Create an ingest pipeline to transform your general content [manage-general-content-with-data-streams-ingest]

You can create an ingest pipeline that uses the [`set` enrich processor](elasticsearch://reference/enrich-processor/set-processor.md) to add a `@timestamp` field in Kibana or with the [create or update a pipeline](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/elasticsearch/operation/operation-ingest-put-pipeline) API.

::::{tab-set}
:group: kibana-api
:::{tab-item} {{kib}}
:sync: kibana

> To add an ingest pipeline from {{kib}}, go to **Stack Management > Ingest Pipelines**. From the upper right, select **Create pipeline > New pipeline**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add an ingest pipeline from {{kib}}, go to **Stack Management > Ingest Pipelines**. Select **Create pipeline > New pipeline**.
```

I'm not sure if this is still part of our guidelines, but for accessibility reasons we should try to avoid directional terms since they don't apply for anyone using a screen reader to access our docs.

    }]
}
```
:::
::::

## Create a lifecycle policy [manage-general-content-with-data-streams-policy]

> A lifecycle policy specifies the phases in the index lifecycle and the actions to perform in each phase. A lifecycle can have up to five phases: `hot`, `warm`, `cold`, `frozen`, and `delete`.

Author: You probably really like this section because it was "heavily inspired" by the changes you made [here](https://www.elastic.co/docs/manage-data/lifecycle/index-lifecycle-management/configure-lifecycle-policy). 😂

* that the template is data stream enabled by including the `data_stream` definition
* the index pattern, which ensures that this template will be applied to matching indices and in our example is `movetods` 

You can create the template in {{kib}} or with the [create or update index template](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/elasticsearch/operation/operation-indices-put-index-template) API.

::::{tab-set}
:group: kibana-api
:::{tab-item} {{kib}}
:sync: kibana
To create an index template in Kibana, complete these steps:

1. Go to **Stack Management > Index Management**. In the **Index Templates** tab, select **Create template**.

    ![Create template page](/manage-data/images/elasticsearch-reference-tutorial-ilm-rollover-general-content-create-template.png "")

1. On the **Logistics** page: 
    1. Specify the name of the template. For example `index_to_dot`.
    1. Specify a pattern to match the indices you want to manage with the lifecycle policy. For example, `movetodos`.
    1. Turn on the **Create data streams** toggle.
    1. Set the [index mode](elasticsearch://reference/elasticsearch/index-settings/time-series.md) to **Standard**.

> 1. Optional: On the **Component templates** page, use the search and filter tools to select any [component templates](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/elasticsearch/operation/operation-cluster-put-component-template) to include in the index template. The index template will inherit the settings, mappings, and aliases defined in the component templates and apply them to indices when they're created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optional: On the **Component templates** page, use the search and filter tools to select any [component templates](/manage-data/data-store/templates.md#component-templates) to include in the index template. The index template will inherit the settings, mappings, and aliases defined in the component templates and apply them to indices when they're created.
```
Maybe we should link to [here](https://www.elastic.co/docs/manage-data/data-store/templates#component-templates) for the non-API users.
